How do you know which encryption method is right for data in transit?
In this case, the choices are a bit more clear based on what you're trying to accomplish.
If you are processing or hosting sensitive data accessible from the Internet,
you'll want to use HTTPS TLS.
If you are hosting servers, particularly Linux,
to execute commands and process jobs, use SSH.
If you are hosting files for others to download,
you can use either SFTP or FTPS,
depending on the configuration of the host they reside on.
For additional security, consider using encryption at rest on files
that are to be accessed via SSH or SFTP or FTPS.
If you recall from a previous lesson.
It is wise to not have SSH open to the Internet likewise, RDP.
Consider setting up a VPN for those use cases as an additional layer of security.
Wow, that was a lot of encryption talk,
we'll provide some links in the classroom if you want to learn more.
But the important takeaway is that you can figure out which type of
encryption is best for your situation and keep everything secure.